Create contributing (#27)
Arcader717/Async-DisOAuth2: README.md

  - Released in version 1.1
  - [x] Errors, will be fixed in version 1.4
    - Found error in the scope part of the url creation
- [x] Models
  - [x] User Object
    - [x] Errors, fixed in version 1.3
  - [x] Guild Object
    - Released in version 1.2
- [ ] Bot OAuth
- [ ] Functioning CLI

***

### Useful Links:

> - [License](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)

Author: ```suggestion
- [License](https://github.com/Arcader717/Async-DisOAuth2/blob/main/LICENSE)
```

- [Contributing & Guidelines](https://github.com/Arcader717/Async-DisOAuth2/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

***

## License

> This project is under the [MIT License](https://github.com/Arcader717/Async-DisOAuth/blob/main/LICENSE)

Author: ```suggestion
This project is under the [MIT License](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License)
```
